I said boss
Can't you read?
This contract
My daughter's name is written in black and white
Can't you see?
Ahaha, I'm just confirming, haha, mom.
Our family is saved
Take a look
With Yufei's contract
The Ye family can finally get out of the crisis hahaha
Before the third child
I said that I will deduct your family's dividends.
Don't take it to heart if you say I'm angry for a while
Yes yes yes mom
Are we all family?
If there are difficulties, we should find a way together.
The family should be more united
Is it Qingqing?
After you?
Make more connections with your sister
Learn more from him
What can I learn from him?
Learn how he sells.
What nonsense are you talking about?
You wake up and be careful I tear your mouth apart
Grandma, why don't you think about it?
A group as big as Rockefeller
How could it be for no reason?
Give our family such a generous contract
It's a loan. It's upside down.
It's clearly money
Think about it.
How can there be such a good thing in this world?
So what do you mean?
I see.
I'm afraid it's Yufei's sister in the president's office
Paid some shameful price
Ye Xinqi you
What am I?
I really didn't see my brother-in-law still standing here
Xiao Junlin, I'm really sorry.
What I just said
Hurt your self-esteem
You are outside the office
Listen to Sister Yufei talking business with other men
It should be very sad
Oh, right.
After all, this is not the first time you have done this kind of thing.
You should be used to it by now
Ye Qingqing, I advise you to shut up